README.md, before:

# DynamoDB Import Export Tool
The DynamoDB Import Export Tool is designed to perform parallel scans on the source table, store scan results in a queue, then consume the queue by writing the items asynchronously to a destination table.

## Requirements ##
* Maven
* JRE 1.7+
* Pre-existing source and destination DynamoDB tables

## Running as an executable

1. Build the library:

```
    mvn install
```

2. This produces the target jar in the target/ directory, to start the replication process:

java -jar dynamodb-import-export-tool.jar

--destinationEndpoint <destination_endpoint> // the DynamoDB endpoint where the destination table is located. 
// If destinationEndPoint is "HardDisk", then batches of source DynamoDB table scan results are written to harddisk
// in current folder as multiple files with filenames like <destinationTable>\_<XXXX>.json

--destinationTable <destination_table> // the destination table to write to.

--createDestinationTableIfNotFound <boolean> // (Optional, default=false) if destinationTable is not found in destinationEndpoint, then, create destinationTable based on sourceTable.
// This flag is not supported when sourceEndpoint is "HardDisk"

--sourceEndpoint <source_endpoint> // the endpoint where the source table is located.
// If sourceEndpoint is "HardDisk", then previously downloaded DynamoDB table scan results are read from harddisk
// in current folder as multiple files with filenames like <sourceTable>\_<XXXX>.json
// and uploaded to destination

--sourceTable <source_table>// the source table to read from.

--readThroughputRatio <ratio_in_decimal> // the ratio of read throughput to consume from the source table.
//ignored when sourceEndpoint is "HardDisk"

--writeThroughputRatio <ratio_in_decimal> // the ratio of write throughput to consume from the destination table.
//ignored when destinationEndPoint is "HardDisk"

--maxWriteThreads <numWriteThreads> // (Optional, default=128 * Available_Processors) Maximum number of write threads to create.

--totalSections <numSections> // (Optional, default=1) Total number of sections to split the bootstrap into. Each application will only scan and write one section.
//ignored when sourceEndpoint is "HardDisk"

--section <sectionSequence> // (Optional, default=0) section to read and write. Only will scan this one section of all sections, [0...totalSections-1].
//ignored when sourceEndpoint is "HardDisk"

--numSegments <number_of_segments> //(Optional, default=calculated based on source table RCU & size in GB) used in parallel scan request.

--consistentScan <boolean> // (Optional, default=false) indicates whether consistent scan should be used when reading from the source table.

> **NOTE**: To split the replication process across multiple machines, simply use the totalSections & section command line arguments, where each machine will run one section out of [0 ... totalSections-1].

## Using the API

### 1. Transfer Data from One DynamoDB Table to Another DynamoDB Table

The below example will read from "mySourceTable" at 100 reads per second, using 4 threads. And it will write to "myDestinationTable" at 50 writes per second, using 8 threads.
Both tables are located at "dynamodb.us-west-1.amazonaws.com". (to transfer to a different region, create 2 AmazonDynamoDBClients
with different endpoints to pass into the DynamoDBBootstrapWorker and the DynamoDBConsumer.

```java
AmazonDynamoDBClient client = new AmazonDynamoDBClient(new ProfileCredentialsProvider());
client.setEndpoint("dynamodb.us-west-1.amazonaws.com");

DynamoDBBootstrapWorker worker = null;

try {
    // 100.0 read operations per second. 4 threads to scan the table.
    worker = new DynamoDBBootstrapWorker(client,
                100.0, "mySourceTable", 4);
} catch (NullReadCapacityException e) {
    LOGGER.error("The DynamoDB source table returned a null read capacity.", e);
    System.exit(1);
}

 // 50.0 write operations per second. 8 threads to scan the table.
DynamoDBConsumer consumer = new DynamoDBConsumer(client, "myDestinationTable", 50.0, Executors.newFixedThreadPool(8));

try {
    worker.pipe(consumer);
} catch (ExecutionException e) {
    LOGGER.error("Encountered exception when executing transfer.", e);
    System.exit(1);
} catch (InterruptedException e){
    LOGGER.error("Interrupted when executing transfer.", e);
    System.exit(1);
}
```


### 2. Transfer Data From one DynamoDB Table to a Blocking Queue.

The below example will read from a DynamoDB table and export to an array blocking queue. This is useful for when another application would like to consume
the DynamoDB entries but does not have a setup application for it. They can just retrieve the queue (consumer.getQueue()) and then continually pop() from it
to then process the new entries.

```java
AmazonDynamoDBClient client = new AmazonDynamoDBClient(new ProfileCredentialsProvider());
client.setEndpoint("dynamodb.us-west-1.amazonaws.com");

DynamoDBBootstrapWorker worker = null;

try {
    // 100.0 read operations per second. 4 threads to scan the table.
    worker = new DynamoDBBootstrapWorker(client,
                100.0, "mySourceTable", 4);
} catch (NullReadCapacityException e) {
    LOGGER.error("The DynamoDB source table returned a null read capacity.", e);
    System.exit(1);
}

BlockingQueueConsumer consumer = new BlockingQueueConsumer(8);

try {
    worker.pipe(consumer);
} catch (ExecutionException e) {
    LOGGER.error("Encountered exception when executing transfer.", e);
    System.exit(1);
} catch (InterruptedException e){
    LOGGER.error("Interrupted when executing transfer.", e);
    System.exit(1);
}
```

Commit message:

optional args for provisioning IOPs
also corrected wrong comparison operator for Long

README.md, after:

# DynamoDB Import Export Tool
The DynamoDB Import Export Tool is designed to perform parallel scans on the source table, store scan results in a queue, then consume the queue by writing the items asynchronously to a destination table.

## Requirements ##
* Maven
* JRE 1.7+
* Pre-existing source and destination DynamoDB tables

## Running as an executable

1. Build the library:

```
    mvn install
```

2. This produces the target jar in the target/ directory, to start the replication process:

java -jar dynamodb-import-export-tool.jar

--destinationEndpoint <destination_endpoint> // the DynamoDB endpoint where the destination table is located. 
// If destinationEndPoint is "HardDisk", then batches of source DynamoDB table scan results are written to harddisk
// in current folder as multiple files with filenames like <destinationTable>\_<XXXX>.json

--destinationTable <destination_table> // the destination table to write to.

--createDestinationTableIfNotFound <boolean> // (Optional, default=false) if destinationTable is not found in destinationEndpoint, then, create destinationTable based on sourceTable.
// This flag is not supported when sourceEndpoint is "HardDisk"

--sourceEndpoint <source_endpoint> // the endpoint where the source table is located.
// If sourceEndpoint is "HardDisk", then previously downloaded DynamoDB table scan results are read from harddisk
// in current folder as multiple files with filenames like <sourceTable>\_<XXXX>.json
// and uploaded to destination

--sourceTable <source_table>// the source table to read from.

--readThroughputRatio <ratio_in_decimal> // the ratio of read throughput to consume from the source table.
//ignored when sourceEndpoint is "HardDisk"

--writeThroughputRatio <ratio_in_decimal> // the ratio of write throughput to consume from the destination table.
//ignored when destinationEndPoint is "HardDisk"

--maxWriteThreads <numWriteThreads> // (Optional, default=128 * Available_Processors) Maximum number of write threads to create.

--totalSections <numSections> // (Optional, default=1) Total number of sections to split the bootstrap into. Each application will only scan and write one section.
//ignored when sourceEndpoint is "HardDisk"

--section <sectionSequence> // (Optional, default=0) section to read and write. Only will scan this one section of all sections, [0...totalSections-1].
//ignored when sourceEndpoint is "HardDisk"

--numSegments <number_of_segments> //(Optional, default=calculated based on source table RCU & size in GB) used in parallel scan request.

--consistentScan <boolean> // (Optional, default=false) indicates whether consistent scan should be used when reading from the source table.

--max-file-id <int> // (Optional, default=0) when sourceEndpoint is 'HardDisk' this option specifies the maximum file ID such that sourceTable_max-file-id.json exists in current working directory

--min-source-rcu-during-replica <long> // (Optional, default = 500), when sourceEndPoint is not 'HardDisk' this option specifies minimum RCU to be provisioned for source table if it is not in on-demand mode 

--min-target-wcu-during-replica <long> // (Optional, default = 500), when targetEndPoint is not 'HardDisk' this option specifies minimum WCU to be provisioned for target table if it is not in on-demand mode

> **NOTE**: To split the replication process across multiple machines, simply use the totalSections & section command line arguments, where each machine will run one section out of [0 ... totalSections-1].

## Using the API

### 1. Transfer Data from One DynamoDB Table to Another DynamoDB Table

The below example will read from "mySourceTable" at 100 reads per second, using 4 threads. And it will write to "myDestinationTable" at 50 writes per second, using 8 threads.
Both tables are located at "dynamodb.us-west-1.amazonaws.com". (to transfer to a different region, create 2 AmazonDynamoDBClients
with different endpoints to pass into the DynamoDBBootstrapWorker and the DynamoDBConsumer.

```java
AmazonDynamoDBClient client = new AmazonDynamoDBClient(new ProfileCredentialsProvider());
client.setEndpoint("dynamodb.us-west-1.amazonaws.com");

DynamoDBBootstrapWorker worker = null;

try {
    // 100.0 read operations per second. 4 threads to scan the table.
    worker = new DynamoDBBootstrapWorker(client,
                100.0, "mySourceTable", 4);
} catch (NullReadCapacityException e) {
    LOGGER.error("The DynamoDB source table returned a null read capacity.", e);
    System.exit(1);
}

 // 50.0 write operations per second. 8 threads to scan the table.
DynamoDBConsumer consumer = new DynamoDBConsumer(client, "myDestinationTable", 50.0, Executors.newFixedThreadPool(8));

try {
    worker.pipe(consumer);
} catch (ExecutionException e) {
    LOGGER.error("Encountered exception when executing transfer.", e);
    System.exit(1);
} catch (InterruptedException e){
    LOGGER.error("Interrupted when executing transfer.", e);
    System.exit(1);
}
```


### 2. Transfer Data From one DynamoDB Table to a Blocking Queue.

The below example will read from a DynamoDB table and export to an array blocking queue. This is useful for when another application would like to consume
the DynamoDB entries but does not have a setup application for it. They can just retrieve the queue (consumer.getQueue()) and then continually pop() from it
to then process the new entries.

```java
AmazonDynamoDBClient client = new AmazonDynamoDBClient(new ProfileCredentialsProvider());
client.setEndpoint("dynamodb.us-west-1.amazonaws.com");

DynamoDBBootstrapWorker worker = null;

try {
    // 100.0 read operations per second. 4 threads to scan the table.
    worker = new DynamoDBBootstrapWorker(client,
                100.0, "mySourceTable", 4);
} catch (NullReadCapacityException e) {
    LOGGER.error("The DynamoDB source table returned a null read capacity.", e);
    System.exit(1);
}

BlockingQueueConsumer consumer = new BlockingQueueConsumer(8);

try {
    worker.pipe(consumer);
} catch (ExecutionException e) {
    LOGGER.error("Encountered exception when executing transfer.", e);
    System.exit(1);
} catch (InterruptedException e){
    LOGGER.error("Interrupted when executing transfer.", e);
    System.exit(1);
}
```
